#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Phase-Support
= Release Notes =
==Release 1.0.5 (2013-05-14)==
------------------------
 * Security update
 * We advise users of previous versions to upgrade.

==Release 1.0.4 (2013-04-25)==
------------------------
 * The highlights in the tamacat-httpd-1.0.4 are the following:
 * The ReverseProxyHandler and WorkerThread support keep-alive connection.
 * Issue 7: The Reverse proxy fault correction from which a response status line is set to HTTP/1.1 in the case of HTTP/1.0.
 * Use HttpCore-4.2.4/HttpClient-4.2.5

==Release 1.0.3 (2013-01-21)==
------------------------
 * This is a maintenance release that fixes a number of bugs.(Issue:4,5)
 * Issue 4: Fault correction by which a scheme and authrity are contained in the path of reverse request URL.
 * tamacat-core-1.0.1 (Issue 6: DIContainer missing initialize bug)
 * Use HttpCore-4.2.3/HttpClient-4.2.3
 * We advise users of previous versions to upgrade.

==1.0.2 Release (2012-11-18)==
------------------------
 * This is a maintenance release that fixes a number of bugs.
 * ClientIPAccessControlFilter support subnetmask.
 * Use HttpCore-4.2.2/HttpClient-4.2.2

==1.0.1 Release (2012-10-23)==
------------------------
 * Bug fix When httpcore-4.2.2 is used, a reverseUrl infinite loop error occurs in ReverseProxyHandler. (Issue 3)
 * Bug fix virtual host. (Host header with port number)
 * Use HttpCore-4.2.2/HttpClient-4.2.1

==1.0 Release (2012-06-14)==
------------------------
The highlights in the tamacat-httpd-1.0 are the following:

 * Many bug fix and refactoring.
 * Use HttpComponents 4.2 (HttpCore-4.2/HttpClient-4.2)

==0.9 Release (2012-01-10)==
------------------------
The highlights in the tamacat-httpd-0.9 are the following:

 * Add load balancing method. (lb-method="LeastConnection" or "RoundRobin" in url-config.xml.)
 * Many bug fix and refactoring.
 * Use HttpComponents 4.1.x (HttpCore-4.1.4/HttpClient-4.1.2)

==0.8 Release (2011-06-07)==
------------------------
The highlights in the tamacat-httpd-0.8 are the following:

 * Support session persistence.
 * Many bug fix and refactoring.
 * Use HttpComponents 4.1.1 (HttpCore-4.1.1/HttpClient-4.1.1)


==0.7 release (2010-08-27)==
------------------------
The highlights in the tamacat-httpd-0.7 are the following:

 * Add the Form based Authentication. (FormAuthProcessor)
 * Modify interface methods (RequestFilter/ResponseFilter)
 * Use HttpComponents 4.1 (HttpCore-4.1-beta1/HttpClient-4.1-alpha2)


==0.6 release (2010-03-16)==
------------------------
The highlights in the tamacat-httpd-0.6 are the following:

 * Virtual host configurations.
 * Client IP address access control.
 * Access and performance counter using JMX.
 * Refactoring for customizable access logging.
 * Add the response filter.
 * Implements session manager.(use from SessionCookieFilter)
 * URL based access counter.


==0.5 release (2009-12-16)==
------------------------
The highlights in the tamacat-httpd-0.5 are the following:

  * Reloadable configuration file using JMX.
  * Add the JMX stop/start remote operations.
  * HTML link conversion on reverse proxy.
  * Gzip compression with content-type header.


==0.4 release (2009-08-25)==
------------------------
The highlights in the tamacat-httpd-0.4 are the following:

  * Add directory listings page. (velocity template)
  * Load Balancer support.(Round Robin)
  * Changed to DI container (springframework -> tamacat-core)

==0.3 release (2009-07-29)==
------------------------
The first development release of tamacat-httpd:

  * Implements http/https server with reverse proxy.
  * Customizable HTML page with velocity template.